add changelog for cluster api (#781)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/release-notes/capi.md

# Release Notes

## Compliant Kubernetes Cluster API
<!-- BEGIN TOC -->
- [v0.1.0](#v010) - 2024-01-24
<!-- END TOC -->

## v0.1.0

Released 2024-01-24

> First stable release!

Reviewer: Should we add which infra providers we currently support?

Author: That is a good question, one i have no answer to.

Author: I have now added it but i don't know if it was the best format.

# Release Notes

## Compliant Kubernetes Cluster API
<!-- BEGIN TOC -->
- [v0.1.0](#v010) - 2024-01-24
<!-- END TOC -->

## v0.1.0

Released 2024-01-24

First stable release!

!!! warning "Compatibility Notice(s)"

>     - This version of Compliant Kubernetes Cluster API only supports Citycloud/Cleura and Elastx as cloud providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This version of Compliant Kubernetes Cluster API only supports Cleura and Elastx as infrastructure providers.
```
As per [our glossary](https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/glossary/#infrastructure-provider) :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: that makes sense I guess the apps [README](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps?tab=readme-ov-file#cloud-cloud-providers-cloud) will have to also be updated then.

Reviewer: And a lot more :sweat:
